docs: explain how to sync dynamic colors with system colors (#3773)
callstack/react-native-paper: docs/docs/guides/02-theming.mdx

}
```

### Sync dynamic colors with system colors

> [`pchmn/expo-material3-theme`](https://github.com/pchmn/expo-material3-theme) library allows you to retrieve the Material 3 system colors from Android 12+ devices and sync them with your dynamic theme. If user changes the system colors, the theme will be updated automatically. For devices not compatible the library will fallback to a default theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [`pchmn/expo-material3-theme`](https://github.com/pchmn/expo-material3-theme) library you can easily access the Material 3 system colors from Android 12+ devices and seamlessly integrate them into your dynamic theme. Any changes made by the user to the system colors will be automatically reflected in the theme. 

:::info
 In case of incompatible devices, the library will revert to a default theme.
```

> Follow [installation instructions](https://github.com/pchmn/expo-material3-theme#installation), then use it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/pchmn/expo-material3-theme#installation) and check the following code:
```
